Everyone deals with the inevitability of death in their own way. Some concoct elaborate fictions to explain away its permanence. Others do their best to sweep its traces into the shadows. A few tortured souls welcome its cold embrace. As for me, I was ambivalent, neither fearing death nor welcoming it. Death was simply something that was going to happen sooner or later, and I didn't particularly care whether it was sooner or later.

I wasn't always like this. I was once a bright-eyed child like the rest of them, standing before a future of infinite possibilities. I walked up the staircase laid before me, progressing as everyone expected. I got decent grades, went to a respectable college, and graduated with a handful of minor honors. After that, I moved out west and landed a cushy desk job. At each step, I feared death just as much as everyone else. To die would be to lose out on all the steps that followed.

Things changed once I reached the last step of that staircase and had a look around. To be fair, my life was comfortable. Privileged, even. I had a well-paying job, no debt, and no personal drama. The only problem was that none of it meant anything to me. Day after day, I went to work, waited until it was socially acceptable to leave, and returned home to gorge myself on takeout and cheap entertainment. That was all I had the will to do, day after day.

The days blurred into each other, as did the months and the years. I guess it was natural. Once you're out of school, you stop being bound by the year-long school cycle. You start losing track of the passage of time. Even the changing of the seasons did nothing to help, as I spent all my days confined in a sterile air-conditioned environment. Every day was like the last, and entire years seemed to pass by without me noticing.

What difference did it make how much time you spent on Earth if you couldn't even feel the time passing? Why continue the tiresome, plodding routine with no light at the end of the tunnel? I just couldn't see any of it mattering. There was nothing to strive for, nothing to long for, and nothing to live for.

I came to think of death simply as the next step on the staircase. With that in mind, one night, drained by yet another long day at the office, I decided it wasn't worth the effort to look both ways before crossing the road. If a car happened to come hurtling down this suburban stroad, that would have been fine with me. It wasn't as if I was losing something significant.

----

As it turns out, there was a car speeding down the road, and the driver of the car evidentally didn't share my own disregard for my own life. In a split second, before I had a chance to do anything but stare helplessly at its headlights, I watched as the car swerved in an attempt to avoid me, sending it into the highway divider that split the sides of this road that was definitely not a highway. Pieces of the car flew off as its momentum carried it a bit further down the road until it came to a stop, now little more than a piece of scrap.

Once the immediate shock of what had happened had worn off, I made my way over to the wreckage, not out of any genuine concern for the well-being of the occupants of the vehicle, but more out of an idea that this was what a normal person in this situation was supposed to do. As I approached the car, a young woman exited from the driver's side of the car.

I prepared myself for a long, angry tirade full of threats and accusations, and to be honest, I did deserve it. My reckless behavior hadn't just endangered myself, but also her and her property as well. I'd seen drivers chew pedestrians out for much less. The tirade never came, though.

"What was that all about?" the woman asked. She had an amused smile on her face, as though she were just asking about something funny she had seen on the side of the road. 

"Sorry," I muttered. "Must've zoned out." I knew it was indefensible.

"And why exactly is someone like you zoning out in the middle of the road?"

"Uh, long day at work. Sorry, just a bit tired." 

"Hmm, I don't buy it. In my line of work, I've seen plenty of people 'zoning out' in the middle of the road, and they're always the exact kind of people you'd expect. It's never someone like you."

Oddly, the woman didn't seem to be all that angry. She seemed more amused, if anything.

"What kind of people would you expect?" I asked. 

"You know, the heavily indebted, the chronically ill, the social pariahs. People who have nothing to live for. There are also those who'd recently lost a loved one that they couldn't bear to live without." She said this all as though it was beyond obvious and the fact that I even asked was proof of my stupidity. To be fair, it did seem obvious now that she'd spelled it out. Though there did seem to be at least one hole in her thinking.

"And how do you know I'm not one of those people with nothing to live for?" I don't know how I ended up defending the hopelessness of my life to a stranger, but 

"Not only do you not have any debt, but you even have considerable savings. You are in good health, save for a relatively severe pollen allergy. You are a white male in the United States, the most privileged demographic in one of the most richest countries in the world. And on top of that, you are college-educated and work a well-paying white-collar job. The question isn't so much what you have to live for, but what *don't* you have to live for."

She then scrunched up her face, as though deep in thought.

"But the fact is that despite those things, you 



----

