When I woke up, the first thing I noticed was that everything felt incredibly comfortable. Soft sheets against my skin, warm but not suffocating. Bright rays shining through wide windows. Not a hint of exhaustion in my bones. I couldn't remember the last time I'd woken up this well-rested.

I didn't know what to make of it, to be honest. My first thought was that I was probably late for work, since the only way I could possibly be this awake was if I'd overslept my alarm. As soon as I passed that not-quite-thinking-straight phase of waking up though, it was clear that being late for work would be the least of my concerns.

The first thing I noticed was that I was oddly high off the ground. It probably wouldn't have been odd for most people, but I had been accustomed to sleeping on a mattress on the floor, not wanting to spend the extra effort or money on a proper bed when a mattress sufficed. The sheets, pillow, and covers were all generally nicer than I was used to, including a pretty pink-and-white duvet cover. It reminded me of the few times in my life I'd stayed at hotels for a few nights, except softer and warmer, and I wasn't aware of any hotels that had pink bedding.

The second thing I noticed was the room I was in. I mean, obviously it wasn't my room, but it also wasn't a hotel or anywhere else I'd been before. It seemed like a regular bedroom, with a dresser, end tables, a desk, and all that. I tried to remember what had happened last night, seeing if I could figure out what had happened. I only remembered being hit by a truck and lying on the ground dying. Surely I'd died, right? Did some kind soul really rescue me and bring me to safety? And besides, even if I had survived, surely I'd be waking up in blinding pain.

It was only when I dragged myself out of bed that I noticed the last big thing that was different about my situation. In retrospect, it should have been the first thing I noticed, but there are some things that you don't think to question because your brain doesn't consider them as possibilities, and this was one of them.

Basically, I wasn't me.

I realized it when I tried stepping off the bed and found that the floor was further away than I was expecting it to be, causing me to lose my balance and fall flat on the floor. In the fall, I caught a face full of long hair