For how unproven it is, Heaven seems to be a very popular belief, especially if you extend Heaven to include all forms of an optimistic afterlife. I suppose that's because proof has relatively little bearing on what people believe. Most people, I assume, will believe in whatever they find comforting, and it is very comforting for them to believe that even when their life on Earth ends, they will continue existing and living, just somewhere else.

I myself never believed in Heaven. If I wanted to massage my own ego, I could assert that it was because I was an objective seeker of truth, that I only believed things with Evidence (TM) supporting them. However, in all probability it wasn't that I was wise and the rabble foolish. The likely explanation was that I was just like everyone else, believing in what made me comfortable, and the difference between me and them was that we found different things comfortable to believe.

That is to say, if the reason that the others believed in Heaven was because they found their lives so precious that the thought of losing it was unbearable, it follows naturally that the reason I didn't believe in Heaven was because I found my life not so precious.

And, as would logically follow, I ended up throwing that life away.

----

The first thing I saw after my death was a clean, sterile storefront made of glass and marble, one that would not look out of place at a high-end mall or a hotel lobby in a major city's financial district. Emblazoned across the top were white block letters spelling out "Heaven". Seeing nowhere else to go, I walked into this establishment, noting the even if this odd shop was called "Heaven", it didn't necessarily mean anything about the afterlife. The glass doors opened automatically as I approached.

The inside of the place reminded me of a certain fruit-based technology company's stores, though with less stuff on display and more touchscreen service-center-y things plastered all around. Certainly this met At the center of the store was a counter, where an old man sat. Eventually, I caught his eye.

"Hey! We've been waitin' for ya!" he said, beckoning me toward him.

"You have?"

"Oh yeah! Been keepin' an eye on ya for quite some time. Yer the perfect case to send Amber's way, so I've had plans for ya ready for quite a while. She's not in right now though, so we gotta wait. Maybe you can get yerself familiarized with one of those gadgets over there."

The old man gestured vaguely in the direction of a bunch of touchscreen stations.

"Those were Amber's idea. That girl loves the march of human progress and keepin' up with the times and whatnot. We used to use good ol' parchment and ink, but she insisted on the overhaul, and well... we basically redid the whole place. Sometimes it's hard keepin' up with her."

"Uh... yeah, this Amber sure sounds like a handful."

Perhaps because I was drawn in by his unexpectedly friendly tone, I found myself engaging with this odd old man despite not having any reason to believe that anything he was talking about actually meant anything.

"Oh, that she sure is. But things have gotten a lot more exciting since she arrived, so it's not all bad. Used to be just me here. Anyway, have a go at those machines. Amber set it all up, so if you have any issues, make sure to blame it on her."