<insert monologue about death (copied from other place, ending with the part where MC welcomes a big heaping dose of nothing)>

---

The weird thing that wasn't what happened.

I woke up in what looked like some sort of private office, though not the kind that I was used to. Instead of whiteboards lining the walls, it had bookshelves, each stuffed to the brim with ancient-looking tomes. Where the monitor arms would have stood on my work desk, there was an inkwell and a selection of quills. And sat at the desk, on a dignified-looking tall armchair, was a young woman wearing the kind of robe I'd only ever seen on a courtroom judge, quill in hand, hard at work writing something on a blank sheet of paper. Or parchment, I guess. I don't know what parchment is, actually.

"Oh, nice! You're finally awake!" 

The woman looked up from her work, noticing my presence. When she turned toward me, I could see something white peek out from behind her, like a feathery set of wings or something. And when I noticed that, I also noticed that she seemed to have a bit of an unnatural glow above her head, like a halo or something. Like she was an angel or something. If I really was dead, it would make sense for her to be an angel, the whole supernatural thing notwithstanding.

"Uh, yeah, I guess," I muttered.

I wished I'd had something more appropriate to say to this angel (or at least, this angel-like being), but that half-hearted response was all I could muster. Oh well.

"Awesome! I've been looking forward to your case for quite a while now, you know! Okay, here's an order form for your new life and... wait, you look confused. Very confused, actually. Why are you confused?"

Isn't confusion the default state of being? Of course I was confused.

"Ugh, I bet it's the legal department's fault again," she continued, seemingly talking more to herself than anyone in particular. "They're supposed to debrief the clients before sending them to me, but they've been really slacking lately. Anyway, I really want to get to the good part as soon as possible, so tell me, what was the last thing you remember?"

"Um, all I remember is that I got hit by something--I think it was a truck--and then maybe dying?" I responded. "And now here I am."

"Okay, good. I can fill you in, then. The short story is that you're dead, but you're not supposed to be. Some reckless angel hijacked a truck and went for a joyride, and the result is that you're dead, and my job is to make it right by bringing you back to life. The long story... well, the long story is very long, so let's not get into it right now."

I wouldn't have minded hearing the long story since it seemed very relevant to me, but it seemed like she had other plans.

"Anyway, normally we'd just patch you up and send you back to your old life, but I saw something unusual about your case that made me take a special interest in it." Her tone turned slightly more serious, with a hint of excitement. "Now tell me, why were you in the middle of the road?"

I couldn't tell her the real reason, even if I suspected she already knew.

"I was trying to cross the road," I answered.

"You crossed the road in a very dangerous manner," she replied. "And if we bring you back to life, you're just going to cross that road in the same dangerous manner again and again."

What was she getting at? Was the whole point of this to teach me traffic safety?

"What I'm saying is, it doesn't make sense for someone like you to be taking such great risks with their life," she clarified. "Normally, it's the people with miserable lives who end up being so cavalier about their own safety. You were an upper-middle class white American man, making a great salary with no major health problems. According to the accounting team's estimates, your life was in the top 0.01% of lives worldwide. And yet there you were, crossing the road so dangerously. It's almost like you didn't value your life."

She was right, but it didn't seem right to admit it to her. Regardless, she continued onward.

"And that's what makes your case so exciting! It costs a huge amount to create a life as high-value as yours, so it would be a waste if it was a life you didn't enjoy. That's how I got special permission to make a new life for you, one that's tailor-made for your needs. We don't want you coming back here having been struck by another truck, after all!"


















