For something as unproven as it is, Heaven is a surprisingly common belief. I suppose that's because proof has little bearing on what people believe in. Most people believe in what they find comforting, and for most people, the idea of a permanent, meaningless death is so terrifying that they develop beliefs about what happens after death, and the ultimate, most appealing version of this is Heaven and the eternal happiness that comes with it.

I suppose it goes without saying that I don't believe in Heaven or anything like that. This isn't because I'm more objective than the average person, much as I'd like to think so. On the contrary, I'm guilty of the exact same biases as everyone else. The only difference is that I'm not afraid of death.

It's hard to explain exactly why, but I think, on a fundamental level, the fear of death comes from a love of life. The average person, no matter how horrible they think their life is, still cherishes it to such a degree that losing it is too great a wound to bear. For whatever reason, that never was the case with me. Ever since I could remember, I simply went through the motions and did what was expected of me. I got decent grades, got into a good college, and landed a cushy desk job at the end of it all. By all means, I had succeeded, but all that lay in store after that was more of the same. Instead of going to school, I went to work, and instead of taking tests, I had quarterly reviews. Just as it wasn't very satisfying for my reward for good grades at school to be more of the same grind, it wasn't very tempting to believe that the reward for a life well lived was more life.

I died only a few years after my graduation. The coroner would rule my death an automobile accident, as my dead body was found in my wrecked car, having crashed into a telephone pole. In reality, it was a suicide. I had gotten tired of life and had found a way to end it early.

Except, to my chagrin, that wasn't the end. It was the beginning.

-----

"Hey, welcome to Heaven! How ya doing? Go fill out a form over there and I'll be right with ya."

I was greeted by a man behind a counter, gesturing to a set of touchscreen stations, like the kind you use to order fast food or refill your train card. 

"You know how to use that, right? We used to use paper, but Amber just had those things installed. She says the new arrivals are all tech-savvy nowadays. Redid the walls and floors to be more modern or whatever, too."

The place did look pretty modern, I guess. Everything was bright and white, but less like the celestial awe-inspiring way and more like a particular fruit-themed techno-gadget store. 